 0. Give the subject the black Sony headphones (hide behind the Tower of Power so they don't disappear between sessions).
 1. Hold shift and right-click the directory background. Select "Open command window here"
 2. Type "UT2004-Study.bat N" where N is the subject's unique ID number. N should be one more than the number in the highest existing experiment subdir (ex. Subject-5)
 3. If you selected a number that already exists, the script will exit immediately to avoid overwriting files.
 4. If an unused number was provided, a 5-minute 1-on-1 tutorial match will start.
 -. If not in full screen, drag the UT2004 window to the top of the center display and it will switch to full screen. Let the user take over.
 5. Stay in the room during the tutorial match and answer the subjects questions. The subject may also need your help reconfiguring the controls to suit them.
 6. At the end of the match the game camera will focus on the winner. Press F1 to show the score board, then help the subject exit the game at this point.
 7. There will be a black console window with colored text. Select this one and press q to stop the recording.
 8. If the console window running MM-NEAT is not finished, then wait (it should close on its own).
 9. Tell the subject to wait for you after the end of the next match. Remind the subject that they will be asked questions about their teammate afterward (the orange one).
10. There will be one console left with the message "Press any key to continue . . ." at the bottom. Let the subject press a key to start the first match.
 -. If not in full screen, drag the UT2004 window to the top of the center display and it will switch to full screen. Let the user take over.
11. This match will take 10 minutes. Leave the room but stay nearby if you are needed. Try to return to the room in time to quietly observe the end of the match.
12. At the end of the match the game camera will focus on the winner. Press F1 to show the score board, then help the subject exit the game at this point.
13. There will be a black console window with colored text. Select this one and press q to stop the recording.
14. If the console window running MM-NEAT is not finished, then ignore it and continue (it will close while the subject takes the survey).
15. There will be one console left with the message "Press any key to continue . . ." at the bottom. Press it to bring up the survey.
16. Enter the unique ID number for the user (same value that the experiment was launched with).
17. Leave the room while the user answers other questions. Tell them to call you back after submitting their answers.
18. Remind the user that they will once again be evaluating their teammate after the next match (the orange one). They will also need to compare teammates.
19. The console will say "Press any key to continue . . ." at the bottom again. Let the subject press a key to start the second match.
 -. If not in full screen, drag the UT2004 window to the top of the center display and it will switch to full screen. Let the user take over.
20. This match will take 10 minutes. Leave the room but stay nearby if you are needed. Try to return to the room in time to quietly observe the end of the match.
21. At the end of the match the game camera will focus on the winner. Press F1 to show the score board, then help the subject exit the game at this point.
22. There will be a black console window with colored text. Select this one and press q to stop the recording.
23. If the console window running MM-NEAT is not finished, ignore it (it will close while the subject takes the survey).
24. There will be one console left with the message "Press any key to continue . . ." at the bottom. Press it to bring up the survey.
25. Enter the unique ID number for the user (same value that the experiment was launched with).
26. Leave the room while the user answers other questions. Tell them to call you back after submitting their answers.
27. If the survey has been successfully submitted, they are done!
