 1. Log into the machine first so it will be ready by the time you need it
 2. Have the participant read and sign the consent form
 3. Ask if they have any questions about the form
 4. Read the instructions script out load to the user [TODO]
 5. Navigate to the directory C:\TEMP\MM-NEAT\batch\Experiments-2019-ZeldaGAN
 6. Open a command window in this directory
 7. Confirm what the next subject ID is by going one higher than the largest number already saved
 8. Write this ID number on the white board
 9. Run Zelda_Study.bat X where X is the ID number
10. Allow the subject to take over, following instructions until the first dungeon loads
11. Watch to make sure ffmpeg loads in the background and is recording
12. Once the user actually loads the dungeon, point the instructions at the bottom of the screen out to them
13. Tell the subject you will be available to answer any questions that come up
14. Remind the subject to get your attention once they complete the dungeon
15. Wait in the room, but give the subject some space
16. When they are finished, make sure the recording has stopped. If not, press 'q' to stop.
17. Follow the prompts to load the survey, and fill out the ID number for the participant.
18. Let the subject fill out the survey and then wait for you. Tell them you will be right back.
19. Take this opportunity to photocopy the consent form (copier by elevator)
20. Confirm that the user has submitted the survey and help them load the next dungeon
21. Remind them to get your attention when the dungeon is complete
22. Confirm that recording starts, and then give the subject space to play the dungeon.
23. Afterward, help load the survey and enter the ID number
24. Tell them that this survey has two parts, and then let them complete it.
25. Confirm that the user has submitted the survey and help them load the next dungeon
26. Remind them to get your attention when the dungeon is complete
27. Confirm that recording starts, and then give the subject space to play the dungeon.
28. Afterward, help load the survey and enter the ID number
29. Tell them that this survey has three parts, and then let them complete it.
30. Give the subject their copy of the consent form, their bluetooth speaker, and say we'll be in touch about raffle results.